hardhat/README.md, before:

# Intro
This is the part with the smart contract related functions

# Usage
    - Compile Contract
        - `npx hardhat compile`
    - Deploy
        - to mumbai
            - `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-prediction-world.js --network mumbai`
        - to hardhat network
            - `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js`
    - copy the ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/PredictionWorld3.json & ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/SureToken3.json to ~/nextjs/utils/abis
    - Transfer SURE to PredictionWorld3
        - note, need to transfer token to PredictionWorld3

# Usage (With Upgraded)

    - Environment Variable
    
        - API_URL
        
          Network URL. For different networks, it should be the specific url for the networks.
          Mumbai: https://polygon-mumbai.g.alchemy.com/v2/B_OwiBiK0aenS3ooAxCMR9w45G1-gQ6Q
          
        - PRIVATE_KEY
        
          The private key of the owner address. You could export from the metamask.
          Note: When you deploy the sure-token, the address will be the Super-Admin who get the initial sure-token. You should **NOT** commit the Super-Admin private key to the git!!
          
        - SCAN_KEY
        
          The api key of the scan (EtherScan, PolygonScan...).
          After deploy the contract, it should verify the contract and the user could access the contrat by the Scan website.
          
        - SURE_TOKEN_ADDRESS
        
          The sure token address. It will be generated after executing deploySureToken.js. You don't have to set the variable before that.
          
        - PROXY_ADDRESS
        
          The proxy address. It will be generated after executing deployProxy.js. You don't have to set the variable before that. And it should not be updated when upgrading the new contract.
          
          Note: If the redeploy the proxy, it'll clear all data in the proxy.
          
        - UPGRADING_CONTRACT
        
          The new contrat name which you want to upgrade. It will use the varialbe when executing upgradeProxy.js. You don't have to set the variable before that.
          
    - Deploy Sure Token
    
        - Deploy the sure token contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/deploySureToken.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
            SURE Token(3) contract deployed to 0xF1CE94...
            
        - Copy the address to env variable "SURE_TOKEN_ADDRESS".
        
    - Deploy Proxy + Implementation Contract
    
        - Confirm the "initialContract" in the script/deployProxy.js
        
        - Deploy the proxy and implementation contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/deployProxy.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
                       Sure Token: 0x552571d0...
                   Proxy Contract: 0x2efBe968...
          Implementation Contract: 0x75863C87...
          
        - Verify the contract
        
          `npx hardhat verify --network mumbai <Proxy Contract>`
          
          Check the contract on the Scan website.
          ex: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/<Proxy Contract>#code
          
        - Copy "Proxy Contract" to env variable "PROXY_ADDRESS".
        
    - Upgrade Implementation Contract
    
        - Update the env variable "UPGRADING_CONTRACT" to new contract name.
        
        - Upgrade the proxy with new contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/upgradeProxy.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
                            Owner: 0xcc6Ccc0A...
                    Contract Name: PredictionWorld5
                   Proxy Contract: 0xb73Cc06D...
          Implementation Contract: 0xD8Ea726a...
          
        - Verify the contract
        
          `npx hardhat verify --network mumbai <Proxy Contract>`
          
          Check the contract on the Scan website.
          ex: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/<Proxy Contract>#code
        
# Resources
    - Faucets (free test network tokens)
        - https://mumbaifaucet.com/
        - https://goerlifaucet.com/
        - https://sepoliafaucet.com/
    - ethers doc
        - https://docs.ethers.org/v6/
    - remix
        - https://medium.com/coinmonks/interact-with-a-live-deployed-smart-contract-using-remix-ide-1ea7e3fde52f

### Backlog
    - Real Matic
    - Partial taking of market
    - Cancel market(only the part not yet taken)
    - Prediction Creation by Player
    - Automatic prediction resolvement
    - Total Pool Betting

## Contracts
    - Prediction
        - Owner // the admin role person(s)
        - Description
        - Last Accept time
        - Resolve Time
        - Markets[(amount, maker, taker?, odds)] // just use decimal odds for now

        - Constructor()
        - CreateMarket((amount, odds))
        - ResolvePrediction(result)
        - TakeMarket(amount, odds)

Commit message:

chore: add the step to copy the abi and transfter early-bird token

hardhat/README.md, after:

# Intro
This is the part with the smart contract related functions

# Usage
    - Compile Contract
        - `npx hardhat compile`
    - Deploy
        - to mumbai
            - `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy-prediction-world.js --network mumbai`
        - to hardhat network
            - `npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js`
    - copy the ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/PredictionWorld3.json & ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/SureToken3.json to ~/nextjs/utils/abis
    - Transfer SURE to PredictionWorld3
        - note, need to transfer token to PredictionWorld3

# Usage (With Upgraded)

    - Environment Variable
    
        - API_URL
        
          Network URL. For different networks, it should be the specific url for the networks.
          Mumbai: https://polygon-mumbai.g.alchemy.com/v2/B_OwiBiK0aenS3ooAxCMR9w45G1-gQ6Q
          
        - PRIVATE_KEY
        
          The private key of the owner address. You could export from the metamask.
          Note: When you deploy the sure-token, the address will be the Super-Admin who get the initial sure-token. You should **NOT** commit the Super-Admin private key to the git!!
          
        - SCAN_KEY
        
          The api key of the scan (EtherScan, PolygonScan...).
          After deploy the contract, it should verify the contract and the user could access the contrat by the Scan website.
          
        - SURE_TOKEN_ADDRESS
        
          The sure token address. It will be generated after executing deploySureToken.js. You don't have to set the variable before that.
          
        - PROXY_ADDRESS
        
          The proxy address. It will be generated after executing deployProxy.js. You don't have to set the variable before that. And it should not be updated when upgrading the new contract.
          
          Note: If the redeploy the proxy, it'll clear all data in the proxy.
          
        - UPGRADING_CONTRACT
        
          The new contrat name which you want to upgrade. It will use the varialbe when executing upgradeProxy.js. You don't have to set the variable before that.
          
    - Deploy Sure Token
    
        - Deploy the sure token contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/deploySureToken.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
            SURE Token(3) contract deployed to 0xF1CE94...
            
        - Copy the address to env variable "SURE_TOKEN_ADDRESS".
        
    - Deploy Proxy + Implementation Contract
    
        - Confirm the "initialContract" in the script/deployProxy.js
        
        - Deploy the proxy and implementation contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/deployProxy.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
                       Sure Token: 0x552571d0...
                   Proxy Contract: 0x2efBe968...
          Implementation Contract: 0x75863C87...
          
        - Verify the contract
        
          `npx hardhat verify --network mumbai <Proxy Contract>`
          
          Check the contract on the Scan website.
          ex: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/<Proxy Contract>#code
          
        - Copy "Proxy Contract" to env variable "PROXY_ADDRESS".

    - Transfer SURE to <Proxy Contract>
        - note, need to transfer token to the proxy for early-bird token

    - Upgrade Implementation Contract
    
        - Update the env variable "UPGRADING_CONTRACT" to new contract name.
        
        - Upgrade the proxy with new contract.
        
          `npx hardhat run scripts/upgradeProxy.js --network mumbai`
          
          You will get the information
                            Owner: 0xcc6Ccc0A...
                    Contract Name: PredictionWorld5
                   Proxy Contract: 0xb73Cc06D...
          Implementation Contract: 0xD8Ea726a...
          
        - Verify the contract
        
          `npx hardhat verify --network mumbai <Proxy Contract>`
          
          Check the contract on the Scan website.
          ex: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/<Proxy Contract>#code
        
    - copy the ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/<Contract Name>.json & ~/harhat/artifacts/contracts/SureToken3.json to ~/nextjs/utils/abis
        
# Resources
    - Faucets (free test network tokens)
        - https://mumbaifaucet.com/
        - https://goerlifaucet.com/
        - https://sepoliafaucet.com/
    - ethers doc
        - https://docs.ethers.org/v6/
    - remix
        - https://medium.com/coinmonks/interact-with-a-live-deployed-smart-contract-using-remix-ide-1ea7e3fde52f

### Backlog
    - Real Matic
    - Partial taking of market
    - Cancel market(only the part not yet taken)
    - Prediction Creation by Player
    - Automatic prediction resolvement
    - Total Pool Betting

## Contracts
    - Prediction
        - Owner // the admin role person(s)
        - Description
        - Last Accept time
        - Resolve Time
        - Markets[(amount, maker, taker?, odds)] // just use decimal odds for now

        - Constructor()
        - CreateMarket((amount, odds))
        - ResolvePrediction(result)
        - TakeMarket(amount, odds)
